Docs: Update Online Boutique README files with Kustomize Changes (#952)
GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo: kustomize/README.md

    adservice-76bdd69666-ckc5j               1/1     Running   0          2m58s
    cartservice-66d497c6b7-dp5jr             1/1     Running   0          2m59s
    checkoutservice-666c784bd6-4jd22         1/1     Running   0          3m1s
    currencyservice-5d5d496984-4jmd7         1/1     Running   0          2m59s
    emailservice-667457d9d6-75jcq            1/1     Running   0          3m2s
    frontend-6b8d69b9fb-wjqdg                1/1     Running   0          3m1s
    loadgenerator-665b5cd444-gwqdq           1/1     Running   0          3m
    paymentservice-68596d6dd6-bf6bv          1/1     Running   0          3m
    productcatalogservice-557d474574-888kr   1/1     Running   0          3m
    recommendationservice-69c56b74d4-7z8r5   1/1     Running   0          3m1s
    shippingservice-6ccc89f8fd-v686r         1/1     Running   0          2m58s
    ```

1. Access the web frontend in a browser using the frontend's `EXTERNAL_IP`.

    ```
    kubectl get service frontend-external | awk '{print $4}'
    ```

    Note: you may see `<pending>` while GCP provisions the load balancer. If this happens, wait a few minutes and re-run the command.

> ### Cleanup

Reviewer: I agree with both points on you made here. I am removing the Cleanup section in the following PR:
https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/pull/1077

Additionally, I will make a note in our Docs refactoring issue to take into account for cleanup instructions. Thank you for your review, @NimJay

> # Use Kustomize to deploy Online Boutique with variants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploying Online Boutique variants with Kustomize
```

> This page walks you through the deployment options for the [Online Boutique](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo) sample application on a [Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine) cluster using Kustomize. Each deployment variant is designed as a [**Kustomize Component**](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kustomize/blob/master/examples/components.md), so you can enable multiple variants at once.

Reviewer: Part of your prerequisites include deploying on platforms other than GKE. As such, we should remove specific mention of GKE from the overview paragraph.

```suggestion
This page contains instructions on deploying variants of the [Online Boutique](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo) sample application using [Kustomize](https://kustomize.io/). Each variant is designed as a [**Kustomize Component**](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kustomize/blob/master/examples/components.md), so multiple variants can be composed together in the deployment.
```

## What is Kustomize?

> Kustomize is a Kubernetes configuration management tool that allows users to customize their manifest configurations without duplication. Its commands are built into `kubectl` as `apply -k`. This repo uses Kustomize to enable Online Boutique deployment variants; a complete list of variants can be found at [/README.md](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo#other-deployment-options). More information on Kustomize can be found on the [official Kustomize website](https://kustomize.io/).

Reviewer: Hyperlink Kustomize (https://kustomize.io/)

Reviewer: This sentence is not necessary, as the section it's referring to is just below it.

"This repo uses Kustomize to enable Online Boutique deployment variants; a complete list of variants can be found at [/README.md](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo#other-deployment-options)."

> ## Supported Deployment Variations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deployment variations supported by Kustomize
```

> | **Variation Name**                                                                                                         | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: I would suggest adding a second column before the description labeled "Configuration", where the row element is the configuration file name, hyperlinked to the file in `components/`

|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [Cymbal Branding](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/blob/main/docs/cymbal-shops.md)                | Changes all Online Boutique-related branding to Google Cloud's fictitious company — Cymbal Shops. The code adds/enables an environment variable `CYMBAL_BRANDING` in the `frontend` service.                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: Cymbal Shops Branding

| [Google Cloud Operations](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/blob/main/docs/gcp-instrumentation.md) | Enables Monitoring (Stats), Tracing, Profiler, and Debugger for various services within Online Boutique. The code removes the existing environment variables (`DISABLE_STATS`, `DISABLE_TRACING`, `DISABLE_PROFILER`, `DISABLE_DEBUGGER`) from appropriate YAML config files.                  |
| [Memorystore](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/blob/main/docs/memorystore.md)                     | The default Online Boutique deployment uses the default in-cluster `redis` database for storing the contents of its shopping cart. The Memorystore deployment variation overrides the default database with its own Memorystore (Redis) database. These changes directly affect `cartservice`. |

## Deployment Instructions

> This section outlines the steps to deploy any of the supported variations of Online Boutique. 

Reviewer: Unnecessary

### Prerequisites

> Before proceeding, you will need:

Reviewer: Unnecessary

> 1. a Kubernetes cluster, such as a [GKE (Google Kubernetes Engine)](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine) cluster or a [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/) cluster.

Reviewer: Capitalize the beginning of the steps

1. to set your `kubectl` context to the Kuberneter cluster.

> Alternatively, if you would like to quickly provision a GKE cluster and any other Google Cloud Platform (GCP) resources required for the variants that you choose to run (e.g., a Memorystore Redis cart), you can use the [Online Boutique's Terraform setup at /terraform](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/tree/main/terraform).

Reviewer: This paragraph is not necessary, and perhaps misleading, because the terraform README does not make any mention of additional resources required by variations. Suggest removing.

> ### Using Memorystore

Reviewer: As discussed in-person with @jaspermai

```suggestion
### [OPTIONAL] Deploying infrastructure for the Memorystore variation
```

> If you are enabling the **Memorystore** deployment variation, first complete the steps in the **[Additional Deployment Instructions (Memorystore)](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/edit/readme/kustomize/README.md#additional-deployment-instructions-memorystore)** section below to make the appropriate infrastructure changes before continuing. Alternatively, if you have completed the manual infrastructure steps outlined in the [Memorystore docs](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/edit/readme/docs/memorystore.md), proceed with the normal deployment steps.

Reviewer: As discussed in-person with @jaspermai

Remove this paragraph entirely. Instead, bring up the content from the `Additional Deployment Instructions (Memorystore)` header here. This will prevent the user from needing to jump up and down the document.

### Run the deployment options

> 1. While in the `microservices-demo` directory, enter the `kustomize/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. While in the `microservices-demo/` directory, navigate to the `kustomize/` directory.
```

    ```
    cd kustomize
    ```

> 1. Edit the base level `kustomization.yaml` so that it uses the components you wish to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the base `kustomization.yaml` to enable the components for the desired variations.
```

    ```
    nano kustomization.yaml
    ```

    The file should contain a similar snippet of code with only the component variants that you intend to deploy left uncommented.
    
    ```
    components:
      - components/cymbal-branding
      - components/google-cloud-operations
      # - components/memorystore
     ```

>     Note: The example above will enable both the Cymbal Branding and Google Cloud Operations components in the new deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note: The example above will enable both the Cymbal Shops Branding and Google Cloud Operations components in the deployment.
```

    Note: To close `nano`, press `Ctrl`/`control` + `x`. To save changes, press `y`, then press `Enter`/`return`.

> 1. Check to see what changes will be made to the existing deployment config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify the changes that will be made to the existing deployment config.
```

    ```
    kustomize build .
    ```

1. Apply the Kustomize deployment changes to the existing deployment.

    ```
    kubectl apply -k .
    ```

    Note: It may take 2-3 minutes before the changes are reflected on the deployment.

> 1. **Wait for the Pods to be ready.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Wait for all Pods to show `STATUS` of `Running`.
```

    ```
    kubectl get pods
    ```

>     After a few minutes, you should see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The output should be similar to the following:
```

    ```
    NAME                                     READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
    adservice-76bdd69666-ckc5j               1/1     Running   0          2m58s
    cartservice-66d497c6b7-dp5jr             1/1     Running   0          2m59s
    checkoutservice-666c784bd6-4jd22         1/1     Running   0          3m1s
    currencyservice-5d5d496984-4jmd7         1/1     Running   0          2m59s
    emailservice-667457d9d6-75jcq            1/1     Running   0          3m2s
    frontend-6b8d69b9fb-wjqdg                1/1     Running   0          3m1s
    loadgenerator-665b5cd444-gwqdq           1/1     Running   0          3m
    paymentservice-68596d6dd6-bf6bv          1/1     Running   0          3m
    productcatalogservice-557d474574-888kr   1/1     Running   0          3m
    recommendationservice-69c56b74d4-7z8r5   1/1     Running   0          3m1s
    shippingservice-6ccc89f8fd-v686r         1/1     Running   0          2m58s
    ```

> 1. **Access the web frontend in a browser** using the frontend's `EXTERNAL_IP`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Access the web frontend in a browser using the frontend's `EXTERNAL_IP`.
```

    ```
    kubectl get service frontend-external | awk '{print $4}'
    ```

>     **Note**- you may see `<pending>` while GCP provisions the load balancer. If this happens, wait a few minutes and re-run the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note: you may see `<pending>` while GCP provisions the load balancer. If this happens, wait a few minutes and re-run the command.
```

### Cleanup

After you have run the deployment variant on Online Boutique, you will want to reset the sample application back to its vanilla state.

1. While still in the `kustomize/` directory, re-apply the original Kubernetes config to the Online Boutique deployment.
    
    ```
    kubectl apply -f base
    ```
    
    Note: It may take 2-3 minutes before the changes are reflected on the deployment.

> ### Clean up Memorystore

Reviewer: This should be made a subset of Cleanup as an optional step.
```suggestion
#### [OPTIONAL] Cleaning up infrastructure for the Memorystore variation
```

If you have enabled the **Memorystore** deployment variation, complete the additional cleanup steps in the **[Additional Deployment Instructions (Memorystore)](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/edit/readme/kustomize/README.md#additional-deployment-instructions-memorystore)** section below to properly undo the Terraform changes.

> ## Additional Deployment Instructions (Memorystore)

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: Since this `Additional Deployment Instructions (Memorystore)` section is largely about Terraform, I would move it all to [/terraform/README.md](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/tree/main/terraform). Moreover, I would:
1. remove the `Run the infrastructure changes with Terraform` from `kustomize/README.md` altogether
2. assume that the user has already `git clone`d this repo inside `terraform/README.md` (i.e., remove step 1 and change step 2 to `cd terraform`).
3. Add a step or note inside `terraform/README.md`, below the `gcp_project_id` step that says something like, "If you are using a Memorystore Redis cache, change the value of `memorystore = false` to `memorystore = true`."

| [Cymbal Branding](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/blob/main/docs/cymbal-shops.md)                | Changes all Online Boutique-related branding to Google Cloud's fictitious company — Cymbal Shops. The code adds/enables an environment variable `CYMBAL_BRANDING` in the `frontend` service.                                                                                                 |
| [Google Cloud Operations](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/blob/main/docs/gcp-instrumentation.md) | Enables Monitoring (Stats), Tracing, Profiler, and Debugger for various services within Online Boutique. The code removes the existing environment variables (`DISABLE_STATS`, `DISABLE_TRACING`, `DISABLE_PROFILER`, `DISABLE_DEBUGGER`) from appropriate YAML config files.                  |

> | [Memorystore](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/blob/main/docs/memorystore.md)                     | The default Online Boutique deployment uses the default in-cluster `redis` database for storing the contents of its shopping cart. The Memorystore deployment variation overrides the default database with its own Memorystore (Redis) database. These changes directly affect `cartservice`. |

Reviewer 2: My rationale for change: I know I use the term "vanilla" a lot to describe the "default" Online Boutique deployment (so sorry if I inspired that 😅) — but `default` is simpler and more common.

## Deployment Instructions

This section outlines the steps to deploy any of the supported variations of Online Boutique. 

### Prerequisites

Before proceeding, you will need:
1. a Kubernetes cluster, such as a [GKE (Google Kubernetes Engine)](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine) cluster or a [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/) cluster.

> 1. to set your `kubectl` context to the Kuberneter cluster.

Reviewer 2: Rationale for change: The default deployment of Online Boutique should be usable outside of GCP — so the prerequisite for the Kustomize is _any_ Kubernetes cluster — not just GKE. Of course, some components won't work outside of GCP (e.g., the GCP logging component) but that's fine. :)

    cd kustomize
    ```

1. Edit the base level `kustomization.yaml` so that it uses the components you wish to use.

    ```

>     nano kustomization.yaml

Reviewer 2: My rationale for this change: I've used `nano` instead of `vim` because `vim` is (notoriously) user-hostile (for new users).
